In the next few lectures, you  will use the Junit and Mockito to test a java web  application.
It is a MAVEN based application.
You can download this completed project by going to the resources section of this lecture once downloaded,
import it  into Eclipse as a MAVEN project right click import import existing search for existing select
existing Maven project.
Browse to the directory where you have the project.
Go inside the project directory.
Click Finish and that will import the MAVEN project into Eclipse.
It will have all the source code that is required and you  will be creating test code starting the
next lecture.
Once you have the project, you should have Tomcat installed on your machine, go install Tomcat.
It is a very simple download, get a Apache  Tomcat nine if you can.
Come to Eclipse, go to the server, stab, create a new server.
Select Tomcat nine from under  Apache Browse  to your Tomcat directory.
Finish it and you  will have a server run once you have the server.
Let me get rid of the duplicate here because I already have a Tomcat server.
Once you have the server right, click on the project.
Go to properties.
Search for  targeted run times, if you search for targeted, it will show you targeted run time, select it
and select the server, which you have just added Apache Tomcat nine that will take away any errors
you have on the coupon app.
Open up the POM.XML , and you  will see that along with the Junit  dependency, it also
has the mockito  dependency.
It is all set for testing, right.
Click on the project.
Let's see it in action run as run on server finish.
The pace that is getting served  here is the index dot JSB, this application has two JSP  pages and
one servelet , very simple application open the index  dot JSP
This is the homepage which has ahref  link and then a form.
That is what you see here.
The link, when you click on it, it will go to the servlet in the index.JSP  the link is
Mapped  to coupon, which is if you go to coupon servlet here.
It is map to the servelet it hits the  do get method , because get  is the method when you click on
a hyperlink.
And this guy, he simply returns back a supersale, that is what you are seeing here.
This is the coupon that the user gets copy  that go back paste it  in the text box here, click on this
and that gets submitted to the.
Servelets do post method.
The Do post  method takes the coupon that comes in from the form and it's simply appends  to this text
here.
Discount for coupon, whatever coupon code you have sent  is 50 percent.
It's on hardcoded.
We are not going against the database.
We are keeping it simple and it sets it on to the request request, get set, attribute, discount and
then request dot request.
Dispatcher Send the response or give it over to this JSP handle the response.
And if you see the response dot JSP it  is one line code here, along with this first directive,
it uses the JSP expression language, get this discount out of request and renders it on to the UI.
And that is what you are seeing here, a very simple Java web application we have Junit
And Mockito already added as dependencies there are  available under the libraries, if you see you , will
have all the maven  dependencies.
Have Junit , Hemcrist  Mockito and everything that is required.
We're going to write a unit test.
What we did just now here is a system or integration test which we are doing manually, will be writing
a unit test for this coupon servelet  by mocking out.
This HTTP servelet  request , HTTP servelet  response.
And also this request despatcher.
Whatever the container Tomcat does, we are going to mock  it out using Mockito and then use the Junit
to write the test and run it.